 
02008R1333 — EN — 04.11.2025 — 063.001 — 11 
(b) the levels shall take into account: 
(i) any acceptable daily intake, or equivalent assessment, estab­
lished for the food additive and the probable daily intake of 
it from all sources; 
(ii) where the food additive is to be used in foods eaten by special 
groups of consumers, the possible daily intake of the food 
additive by consumers in those groups. 
2. 
Where appropriate, no maximum numerical level shall be fixed for 
a food additive (quantum satis). In that case, the food additive shall be 
used in accordance with the principle of quantum satis. 
3. 
The maximum levels of food additives set out in Annex II shall 
apply to the food as marketed, unless otherwise stated. By way of 
derogation from this principle, for dried and/or concentrated foods 
which need to be reconstituted the maximum levels shall apply to the 
food as reconstituted according to the instructions on the label taking 
into account the minimum dilution factor. 
4. 
The maximum levels for colours set out in Annex II shall apply to 
the quantities of colouring principle contained in the colouring prep­
aration unless otherwise stated. 
Article 12 
Changes in the production process or starting materials of a food 
additive already included in a Community list 
When a food additive is already included in a Community list and there 
is a significant change in its production methods or in the starting 
materials used, or there is a change in particle size, for example 
through nanotechnology, the food additive prepared by those new 
methods or materials shall be considered as a different additive and a 
new entry in the Community lists or a change in the specifications shall 
be required before it can be placed on the market. 
Article 13 
Food additives falling within the scope of Regulation (EC) 
No 1829/2003 
1. 
A food additive falling within the scope of Regulation (EC) 
No 1829/2003 may be included in the Community lists in Annexes II 
and III in accordance with this Regulation only when it is covered by an 
authorisation in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1829/2003. 
2. 
When a food additive already included in the Community list is 
produced from a different source falling within the scope of 
Regulation (EC) No 1829/2003, it will not require a new authorisation 
under this Regulation, as long as the new source is covered by an 
authorisation in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1829/2003 and 
the food additive complies with the specifications established under this 
Regulation. 
▼B
