Section on Functional Imaging Methods - National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. NIH Websites Are Changing Later this year, NIH will start introducing a new website experience designed to make it easier to find health information, research, funding opportunities, and other resources. During the transition, you may notice changes to navigation, page layouts, and where some information is located. Learn more and get the latest updates in our Frequently Asked Questions . In Crisis? Call or Text 988 Transforming the understanding and treatment of mental illnesses. Home | Help for Mental Illnesses Search the NIMH website: Información en español Mental Health Information Get Involved Research Funding News & Events About Us Health Topics NIMH offers expert-reviewed information on mental disorders and a range of topics. Statistics NIMH statistics pages include statistics on the prevalence, treatment, and costs of mental illness for the population of the United States. Brochures and Fact Sheets Download, read, and order free NIMH brochures and fact sheets about mental disorders and related topics. Help for Mental Illnesses If you or someone you know has a mental illness, there are ways to get help. Use these resources to find help for yourself, a friend, or a family member. Clinical Trials If you or a friend or family member are thinking about taking part in clinical research, this page contains basic information about clinical trials. Stakeholder Engagement Find out how NIMH engages a range of stakeholder organizations as part of its efforts to ensure the greatest public health impact of the research we support. Connect with NIMH Learn more about NIMH newsletters, public participation in grant reviews, research funding, clinical trials, the NIMH Gift Fund, and connecting with NIMH on social media. Digital Shareables Use these free education and outreach materials in your community and on social media to spread the word about mental health and related topics. Science Education Use these free digital, outreach materials in your community and on social media to spread the word about mental health. Research Funded by NIMH NIMH supports research at universities, medical centers, and other institutions via grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements. Learn more about NIMH research areas, policies, resources, and initiatives. Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) The Division of Intramural Research Programs (IRP) is the internal research division of the NIMH. Over 40 research groups conduct basic neuroscience research and clinical investigations of mental illnesses, brain function, and behavior at the NIH campus in Bethesda, Maryland. Learn more about research conducted at NIMH. Priority Research Areas Learn about NIMH priority areas for research and funding that have the potential to improve mental health care over the short, medium, and long term. Resources for Researchers Information about resources such as data, tissue, model organisms and imaging resources to support the NIMH research community. Opportunities & Announcements Find all NIMH and cross-NIH funding opportunities. Funding Strategy for Grants Read more about the NIMH Strategic Plan for Research, Strategic Research Priorities, the anatomy of NIMH funding, and our yearly funding strategy for research grants. Application Process Explore the NIMH grant application process, including how to write your grant, how to submit your grant, and how the review process works. Managing Grants Learn about how NIMH manages research grants, including policies and reporting requirements. Clinical Research Find the latest NIH and NIMH policies, guidance, and resources for clinical research. Training Explore NIMH research training and career development opportunities. Small Business Research Learn about funding opportunities for small businesses. Quick Links Funding & Grant News Support for Clinical Trials at NIMH Science Updates List of NIMH science updates including press releases, research highlights, and institute announcements. Meetings and Events Details about upcoming events—including meetings, conferences, workshops, lectures, webinars, and chats—sponsored by NIMH. Multimedia NIMH videos and podcasts featuring science news, lecture series, meetings, seminars, and special events. Innovation Speaker Series An annual lecture series dedicated to innovation, invention, and scientific discovery. About the Acting NIMH Director Learn more about the Acting Director of the NIMH, Shelli Avenevoli, Ph.D. Advisory Boards and Groups Read about the boards and groups that advise and provide guidance to the Institute. Strategic Plan Learn more about NIMH's roadmap for the Institute’s research priorities over the next five years. Offices and Divisions Learn more about the functions of each NIMH office and division. Budget Read the annual NIMH Congressional Justifications. Careers at NIMH Search for jobs, including scientific, administrative and executive careers at NIMH. Staff Directories Find the names, telephone numbers, email addresses, and office locations of NIMH staff. History Explore key milestones, discoveries, and the impact of NIMH-funded studies on mental health. Getting to NIMH Find directions, maps, parking information, and other visitor information for NIMH. Quick Links Contribute to Mental Health Research Mental Health Information Mental Health Information Home Health Topics Statistics Brochures and Fact Sheets Help for Mental Illnesses Clinical Trials Get Involved Get Involved Home Stakeholder Engagement Connect with NIMH Digital Shareables Science Education Research Research Home Research Funded by NIMH Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) Funding Funding Home Opportunities & Announcements Strategy for Research Grants Grant Writing & Approval Process Managing Grants Clinical Research Research Training and Career Development Opportunities Small Business Research News & Events News & Events Home Science Updates Meetings and Events Multimedia Social Media Email Updates Innovation Speaker Series About Us About Us Home About the Acting NIMH Director Advisory Boards and Groups Strategic Plan Offices and Divisions Budget Careers at NIMH Staff Directories History Getting to NIMH Research Funded by NIMH Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) Priority Research Areas Research Resources Laboratory of Brain and Cognition (LBC) Home > Research > Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) > Research Areas Overview > Research Groups > Laboratory of Brain and Cognition (LBC) > Section on Functional Imaging Methods Share Page Menu Section on Functional Imaging Methods Research Staff Select Publications Photo Gallery Contact LBC Home Section on Functional Imaging Methods The section on Functional Imaging Methods is within the Laboratory of Brain and Cognition and the National Institute of Mental Health. Functional MRI is a technique that utilizes time series collection of rapidly-obtained magnetic resonance images that are sensitive to localized brain activation induced hemodynamic changes. The utility of Functional MRI (fMRI) has been increasing since it was discovered in 1991. The limits of the technique (spatial and temporal resolution, interpretability of the signal, and applications) are determined by imaging technology, experimental and processing methodology, and the variable and undetermined relationship between neuronal activity and hemodynamic changes. The Section on Functional Imaging Methods is a team of physicists, psychologists, engineers, neuroscientists, and computer scientists committed to advancing the field of fMRI by developing of improved fMRI data acquisition and processing methodology, shedding light on the relationship between neuronal activity and hemodynamic changes, characterizing the sources of artifact and useful information in the signal, and bridging the gap between basic development and research and clinical applications. Currently our work includes understanding and using resting state fluctuations, understanding and modeling the dynamics of the fMRI signal changes, advancing pattern - effect fMRI or fMRI decoding, and advancing high resolution and high field fMRI. Dr. Peter A. Bandettini, Ph.D. Biography Dr. Bandettini has been pushing the field of fMRI methods for over 20 years, and along with directing his Section on Functional Imaging Methods and the Functional MRI Core Facility, he served as Editor-in-Chief of the journal, NeuroImage from 2011-2017. He is extremely active in the field, having published over 130 papers and having presented over 325 invited lectures. He has been an active member of the leadership of the Organization for Human Brain Mapping, having served as Education Chair, Program Chair, and President during the past decades. Dr. Bandettini received his B.S. from Marquette University in 1989 and his Ph.D. from the Medical College of Wisconsin in 1994, where he played a role in the early development of magnetic resonance imaging of human brain function using blood oxygenation contrast. During his postdoctoral fellowship at the Massachusetts General Hospital with Bruce Rosen, he continued his investigation of methods to increase the interpretability, resolution, and applicability of functional MRI techniques. In 1999, he joined NIMH as an Investigator in the Laboratory of Brain and Cognition and as the Director of the NIH Functional MRI core facility. In 2001, he was awarded the Scientific Director's Merit Award for his efforts in establishing the NIH FMRI core facility. In 2002, he was awarded the Wiley Young Investigator's at the annual Organization for Human Brain Mapping Meeting. His laboratory is currently developing MRI methods to improve the spatial resolution, temporal resolution, sensitivity, interpretability, and applications of functional MRI. Section on Functional Imaging Methods - fim.nimh.nih.gov/ fMRI Facility at NIH - fmrif.nimh.nih.gov/ Contact Info Dr. Peter A. Bandettini, Ph.D. Section on Functional Imaging Methods Laboratory of Brain and Cognition National Institute of Mental Health Building 10, Room 1D80B 10 Center Dr. MSC 1148 Bethesda, MD 20892-1148 Telephone: Office: (301) 402-1333 | Fax: (301) 402-1370 Email: HTML Disclaimer We link to external websites for informational purposes only, but we do not endorse or guarantee their accuracy. Once you leave our site, you will be subject to the new website’s privacy policy. Read NIMH’s full external linking policy for more information. NIMH Resources Health Topics Brochures and Fact Sheets Contact Us Información en español Policies and Notices Privacy Policy Website Policies FOIA Accessibility HHS Vulnerability Disclosure Federal Resources National Institutes of Health (NIH) NIH Virtual Tour U.S. Department of Health and Human Services USA.gov The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) is part of NIH, a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Top