Nerve conduction velocity: MedlinePlus Medical Encyclopedia Skip navigation An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
              the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites. National Library of Medicine The navigation menu has been collapsed. Menu Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Genetics Medical Tests Medical Encyclopedia About MedlinePlus Show Search Search MedlinePlus GO About MedlinePlus What's New Site Map Customer Support Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Genetics Medical Tests Medical Encyclopedia Español You Are Here: Home → Medical Encyclopedia → Nerve conduction velocity URL of this page: //medlineplus.gov/ency/article/003927.htm Nerve conduction velocity To use the sharing features on this page, please enable JavaScript. Nerve conduction velocity (NCV) is a test to see how fast electrical signals move through a nerve. This test is done along with electromyography (EMG) to assess the muscles for abnormalities. How the Test is Performed Adhesive patches called surface electrodes are placed on the skin over nerves or muscles at different spots. A very mild electrical impulse is applied via other patches or a handheld stimulator to stimulate the nerve. The resulting electrical activity of the nerve is recorded by the electrodes. The distance between electrodes and the time it takes for electrical impulses to travel between electrodes are used to measure the speed of the nerve signals. It is normal for several different nerves to be tested. EMG is the recording from needles placed into the muscles. This is often done during the same visit as NCV. How to Prepare for the Test You must stay at a normal body temperature. Being too cold alters nerve conduction and can give false results. Tell your health care provider if you have a cardiac defibrillator or pacemaker, or other implanted device such as a deep brain stimulator. Special steps may need to be taken before the test if you have one of these devices. Do not wear any lotions, sunscreen, perfume, or moisturizer on your body on the day of the test. How the Test will Feel The impulse may feel like an electric shock. You may feel some discomfort depending on how strong the impulse is. You should feel no pain once the test is finished. Often, the nerve conduction test is followed by EMG. In this test, a needle is placed into a muscle and you are told to contract that muscle. This process can be uncomfortable during the test. You may have muscle soreness or bruising after the test at the site where the needle was inserted. Why the Test is Performed This test is used to diagnose nerve damage or destruction. The test may sometimes be used to evaluate diseases of nerve or muscle, including: Myopathy Lambert-Eaton syndrome Myasthenia gravis Carpal tunnel syndrome Tarsal tunnel syndrome Diabetic neuropathy Bell palsy Guillain-Barré syndrome Brachial plexopathy Ulnar nerve dysfunction Normal Results NCV is related to the diameter of the nerve and the degree of myelination (the presence of a myelin sheath on the nerve fiber) of the nerve. Newborn infants have values that are approximately half that of adults. Adult values are normally reached by age 3 or 4. Note: Normal value ranges may vary slightly among different labs. Talk to your provider about the meaning of your specific test results. What Abnormal Results Mean Most often, abnormal results are due to nerve damage or destruction, including: Damage to the long portion of the nerve cell (axon degeneration or axonopathy) The impulse is blocked somewhere along the nerve pathway (conduction block) Damage and loss of the fatty insulation surrounding the nerve cell (demyelination) The nerve damage or destruction may be due to many different conditions, including: Alcoholic neuropathy Diabetic neuropathy Nerve effects of uremia (from kidney failure) Traumatic injury to a nerve Guillain-Barré syndrome Diphtheria Carpal tunnel syndrome Brachial plexopathy Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (hereditary) Chronic inflammatory polyneuropathy Common peroneal/fibular nerve dysfunction Distal median nerve dysfunction Femoral nerve dysfunction Friedreich ataxia Mononeuritis multiplex (multiple mononeuropathies) Primary amyloidosis Radial nerve dysfunction Sciatic nerve dysfunction Secondary systemic amyloidosis Sensorimotor polyneuropathy Tibial nerve dysfunction Ulnar nerve dysfunction Any peripheral neuropathy can cause abnormal results. Damage to the spinal cord and disk herniation (herniated nucleus pulposus) with nerve root compression can also cause abnormal results. Considerations An NCV test shows the condition of the best surviving nerve fibers. Therefore, in some cases the results may be normal, even if there is nerve damage. Alternative Names NCV; Nerve conduction study (NCS) Images Nerve conduction test References De Luca GC, Griggs RC, Johnston SC. Approach to the patient with neurologic disease. In: Goldman L, Cooney KA, eds. Goldman-Cecil Medicine. 27th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier; 2024:chap 366. Katirji B. Disorders of peripheral nerves. In: Jankovic J, Mazziotta JC, Pomeroy SL, Newman NJ, eds. Bradley and Daroff's Neurology in Clinical Practice. 8th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier; 2022:chap 106. Nuwer MR, Pouratian N. Monitoring of neural function: electromyography, nerve conduction, and evoked potentials. In: Winn HR, ed. Youmans and Winn Neurological Surgery. 8th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier; 2023:chap 274. Umansky D, Midha R. Peripheral nerve examination, evaluation, and biopsy. In: Winn HR, ed. Youmans and Winn Neurological Surgery. 8th ed. Philadelphia, PA: Elsevier; 2023:chap 272. Review Date 4/16/2025 Updated by: Joseph V. Campellone, MD, Department of Neurology, Cooper Medical School at Rowan University, Camden, NJ. Review provided by VeriMed Healthcare Network. Also reviewed by David C. Dugdale, MD, Medical Director, Brenda Conaway, Editorial Director, and the A.D.A.M. Editorial team. Learn how to cite this page Related MedlinePlus Health Topics Neurologic Diseases Health Content Provider 06/01/2028 A.D.A.M., Inc. is accredited by URAC , for Health Content Provider (www.urac.org). URAC's accreditation program is an independent audit to verify that A.D.A.M. follows rigorous standards of quality and accountability. A.D.A.M. is among the first to achieve this important distinction for online health information and services. Learn more about A.D.A.M.'s editorial policy, editorial process , and privacy policy . The information provided herein should not be used during any medical emergency or for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. A licensed medical professional should be consulted for diagnosis and treatment of any and all medical conditions. Links to other sites are provided for information only -- they do not constitute endorsements of those other sites. No warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, or correctness of any translations made by a third-party service of the information provided herein into any other language. © 1997- 2026 A.D.A.M., a business unit of Ebix, Inc. Any duplication or distribution of the information contained herein is strictly prohibited. All content on this site including text, images, graphics, audio, video, data, metadata, and compilations is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may view the content for personal, noncommercial use. Any other use requires prior written consent from Ebix. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, publish, reverse-engineer, adapt, modify, store beyond ordinary browser caching, index, mine, scrape, or create derivative works from this content. You may not use automated tools to access or extract content, including to create embeddings, vectors, datasets, or indexes for retrieval systems. Use of any content for training, fine-tuning, calibrating, testing, evaluating, or improving AI systems of any kind is prohibited without express written consent. This includes large language models, machine learning models, neural networks, generative systems, retrieval-augmented systems, and any software that ingests content to produce outputs. Any unauthorized use of the content including AI-related use is a violation of our rights and may result in legal action, damages, and statutory penalties to the fullest extent permitted by law. Ebix reserves the right to enforce its rights through legal, technological, and contractual measures. About MedlinePlus What's New Site Map Customer Support Subscribe to RSS Connect with NLM NLM Web Policies Copyright Accessibility Guidelines for Links Viewers & Players HHS Vulnerability Disclosure MedlinePlus Connect for EHRs For Developers National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health
