# WI201064 International Management & Intercultural Cooperation - rawgraph breakdown

Node: International Management & Intercultural Cooperation (WI201064)
Description: The learner can understand the social and economical dimensions of international management.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Individual feedback
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Individual feedback: Analyzing cultural preferences in the work context by means of culture dimensions.

    Node: Management and leadership styles in various countries
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Management and leadership styles in various countries.

    Node: How to do business in China/the US?
    Description: The learner can explain and apply How to do business in China/the US?

    Node: Management and leadership in Asia and North America
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Management and leadership in Asia and North America.

    Node: Intercultural communication
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Intercultural communication: Why communication matters.

    Node: Intercultural competence
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Intercultural competence: Dealing with different cultures.

    Node: Reflection
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Reflection: Adapting the personal leadership style to another country.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand the social and economical dimensions of international management
    Description: The learner can understand the social and economical dimensions of international management.

    Node: evaluate the chances and risks of international management in selected region...
    Description: The learner can evaluate the chances and risks of international management in selected regions and therefore derive opportunities for their own company.

    Node: evaluate management and communication methods in international management and...
    Description: The learner can evaluate management and communication methods in international management and apply them to their individual context and personal leadership style.
