# WI201063 Operations & Supply Chain Management - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Operations & Supply Chain Management (WI201063)
Description: The learner can understand the basics operation & supply chain management and apply them to different contexts and organizational structure.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Supply Chain Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Supply Chain Management: Introduction to Supply Chain Management & Supply Chain Drivers, Network Design and Transport, Supply Chain Performance.

    Node: Operations Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Operations Management: Operations Principles (Push, KABAN, CONWIP), Design of Flow Lines, Litlle's Law, Queuing in Operations.

    Node: Procurement
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Procurement: Procurement Strategy, Global Sourcing, Supplier Selection and Qualification, Cost Reduction, Contract Negotiation.

    Node: Sustainable Supply Chain Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Sustainable Supply Chain Management: Transparency in Supply Chains and Sourcing, Inventory and Waste Management.

    Node: Logistics & Inventory Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Logistics & Inventory Management: Foundations, Inventory Control and Parameter setting, Supply Chain Coordination, Design for Logistics.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand the basics operation & supply chain management and apply them to d...
    Description: The learner can understand the basics operation & supply chain management and apply them to different contexts and organizational structure.

    Node: evaluate strategic and organizational risks and the relationship between soci...
    Description: The learner can evaluate strategic and organizational risks and the relationship between social, ecological and economic aspects within supply chains.

    Node: understand the importance of cooperation within a company as well as with oth...
    Description: The learner can understand the importance of cooperation within a company as well as with other entities, like customers or suppliers and learn how to optimize such processes.

    Node: understand the operations principles relating to push and pull processes and...
    Description: The learner can understand the operations principles relating to push and pull processes and apply them in flow line design.
