# WI201062 Leadership & Strategic Management - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Leadership & Strategic Management (WI201062)
Description: The learner can be aware of different approaches to leadership, value-based leadership theories and strategic management tools.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Leadership & Communication
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leadership & Communication: effective leadership behaviors, delegation and participation, charisma and transformational leadership, legitimation and development of leadership.

    Node: Leadership by motivation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leadership by motivation: situational leadership and theories of motivation, the compensatory model of work motivation.

    Node: Challenges as a leader
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Challenges as a leader: What we can learn from others.

    Node: Leading Organizations & Strategic Decision Making
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leading Organizations & Strategic Decision Making: power and influence tactics, managerial judgement and decision making in organizations on a theoretical and a practical level.

    Node: Selection and assessment of leaders
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Selection and assessment of leaders: evaluation and assessment processes of leaders.

    Node: Incentives and Performance Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Incentives and Performance Management: goal setting, incentive effects and performance measurement.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: be aware of different approaches to leadership, value-based leadership theori...
    Description: The learner can be aware of different approaches to leadership, value-based leadership theories and strategic management tools.

    Node: evaluate different leadership styles of the digital age and apply them to dif...
    Description: The learner can evaluate different leadership styles of the digital age and apply them to different contexts as well as analyze their own behavior.

    Node: understand the key success factors of selection processes, assessment methods...
    Description: The learner can understand the key success factors of selection processes, assessment methods as well as performance management systems and be able to apply those processes and systems to real life situations.
