# WI201095 Certified Blockchain & Distributed Ledger Technology Manager - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Certified Blockchain & Distributed Ledger Technology Manager (WI201095)
Description: The learner can implement and manage Blockchain and DLT, and unlock its potential for the enterprise.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Relevance of Blockchain-Technology
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Relevance of Blockchain-Technology.

    Node: Technology of Public Blockchain
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Technology of Public Blockchain.

    Node: Blockchain-Based Systems Engineering
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Blockchain-Based Systems Engineering.

    Node: Smart contracts, Tokens and Coins
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Smart contracts, Tokens and Coins.

    Node: Smart contracts Hands-on Tutorials
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Smart contracts Hands-on Tutorials.

    Node: Use cases of Blockchain Technology
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Use cases of Blockchain Technology.

    Node: Legislation, Regulation, Organization
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Legislation, Regulation, Organization.

    Node: Strategic and organizational Changes through Blockchain
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Strategic and organizational Changes through Blockchain.

    Node: Insights & Case Study Technology Manager
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Insights & Case Study Technology Manager.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: implement and manage Blockchain and DLT, and unlock its potential for the ent...
    Description: The learner can implement and manage Blockchain and DLT, and unlock its potential for the enterprise.

    Node: understand the technical, business, social and legal aspects of blockchain-ba...
    Description: The learner can understand the technical, business, social and legal aspects of blockchain-based solutions in a balanced and unbiased way.
