# MGT201092 Quantum Computing - An introductory course - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Quantum Computing - An introductory course (MGT201092)
Description: The learner can define and explain the basic concepts in quantum science;.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: concepts, potentials, and limitations of quantum algorithms;
    Description: The learner can explain and apply concepts, potentials, and limitations of quantum algorithms;.

    Node: realizations of quantum computers
    Description: The learner can explain and apply realizations of quantum computers: hardware, errors, and their correction;.

    Node: hardware benchmarks and resource analysis
    Description: The learner can explain and apply hardware benchmarks and resource analysis.

    Node: advanced concepts like quantum simulations and NISQ applications
    Description: The learner can explain and apply advanced concepts like quantum simulations and NISQ applications.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: define and explain the basic concepts in quantum science;
    Description: The learner can define and explain the basic concepts in quantum science;.

    Node: interpret and design (simple) quantum circuits;
    Description: The learner can interpret and design (simple) quantum circuits;.

    Node: distinguish between algorithms with exponential or non-exponential speedup an...
    Description: The learner can distinguish between algorithms with exponential or non-exponential speedup and apply a rough criterion to identify the possible speedup;.

    Node: explain why the realization of error-corrected quantum computers poses extrao...
    Description: The learner can explain why the realization of error-corrected quantum computers poses extraordinary engineering difficulty;.

    Node: give examples for the typical present and near-term applications in the area...
    Description: The learner can give examples for the typical present and near-term applications in the area of quantum computing and quantum simulation;.

    Node: transfer general concepts of quantum computing to exemplary applications (e.g...
    Description: The learner can transfer general concepts of quantum computing to exemplary applications (e.g., further algorithms, NISQ applications, or benchmarking).
