# WI201074 Certified Private Equity Analyst - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Certified Private Equity Analyst (WI201074)
Description: The learner can By attending the module, participants are able to execute all relevant steps of an investment participation by a private equity/venture capital corporation.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Fundamentals of corporate acquisitions and sales
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Fundamentals of corporate acquisitions and sales.

    Node: Corporate valuation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Corporate valuation.

    Node: Due diligence
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Due diligence.

    Node: Fund and transaction structuring
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Fund and transaction structuring.

    Node: Deal documentation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Deal documentation.

    Node: Corporate governance
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Corporate governance.

    Node: Equity controlling
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Equity controlling.

    Node: Exit strategies and fundraising
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Exit strategies and fundraising.

    Node: Successful development of management-audits
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Successful development of management-audits.

    Node: Conducting negotiations
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Conducting negotiations.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: By attending the module, participants are able to execute all relevant steps...
    Description: The learner can By attending the module, participants are able to execute all relevant steps of an investment participation by a private equity/venture capital corporation.

    Node: This concerns the total investment process and transactions from the first in...
    Description: The learner can This concerns the total investment process and transactions from the first investment offers to the final vending of the portfolio company.

    Node: Participants will have the ability to rate corporations by the common valuati...
    Description: The learner can Participants will have the ability to rate corporations by the common valuation methods as Discounted Cash-flow-method and multiple-method.

    Node: they are able to undertake due diligence examinations of an investment, to an...
    Description: The learner can they are able to undertake due diligence examinations of an investment, to analyze terms and conditions, to apply established controlling instruments, to analyze exit strategies and altogether to evaluate the economic risks and benefits of an investment.
