# MGT201098 Sustainable Management & Technology - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Sustainable Management & Technology (MGT201098)
Description: The learner can support the transformation of their organizations into sustainable entities.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Sustainable supply chains
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Sustainable supply chains.

    Node: Sustainable behavior change
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Sustainable behavior change.

    Node: Defossilization
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Defossilization.

    Node: Political governance of bioeconomy and sustainability
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Political governance of bioeconomy and sustainability.

    Node: Circular economy
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Circular economy.

    Node: Consumer options for reducing plastic packaging
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Consumer options for reducing plastic packaging.

    Node: Societal support for sustainable climate policy
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Societal support for sustainable climate policy: What can we learn from behavioral economics?

    Node: Renewable raw materials - When is it worth using them as materials?
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Renewable raw materials - When is it worth using them as materials?

    Node: (Bio-)gas and electromobility
    Description: The learner can explain and apply (Bio-)gas and electromobility: What benefits how much for the climate?

    Node: Sustainable and digital transformation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Sustainable and digital transformation.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: support the transformation of their organizations into sustainable entities
    Description: The learner can support the transformation of their organizations into sustainable entities.

    Node: They learn to assess which trends and technologies have the potential to prev...
    Description: The learner can They learn to assess which trends and technologies have the potential to prevail on the market in the future, are enabled to strengthen economic, social and ecological sustainability and recognize new business areas and technologies in good time.

    Node: In addition, methodological knowledge is imparted, e.g
    Description: The learner can In addition, methodological knowledge is imparted, e.g.

    Node: in life cycle assessment, circular economy, bioeconomy and design of sustaina...
    Description: The learner can in life cycle assessment, circular economy, bioeconomy and design of sustainable supply chains.
