# WI201055 Innovation, Entrepreneurship & Digital Transformation - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Innovation, Entrepreneurship & Digital Transformation (WI201055)
Description: The learner can understand the topic of innovation management, entre- and intrapreneurship as well as trends through the digital transformation and their implications for organizations and markets.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Definition of innovation & specifics of innovation management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Definition of innovation & specifics of innovation management.

    Node: Innovation and industry evolution
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Innovation and industry evolution.

    Node: User innovation and Open Source Innovation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply User innovation and Open Source Innovation.

    Node: Innovation culture
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Innovation culture: Using the appropriate leadership tools to create an innovative culture.

    Node: Concepts and examples how to create and establish a culture of entre- or intr...
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Concepts and examples how to create and establish a culture of entre- or intrapreneurship.

    Node: The effect of digital innovations on business behavior
    Description: The learner can explain and apply The effect of digital innovations on business behavior.

    Node: Digital transformation and the radical change of business models and processes
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Digital transformation and the radical change of business models and processes.

    Node: Creating and establishing business ideas
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Creating and establishing business ideas: Writing a business plan.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand the topic of innovation management, entre- and intrapreneurship as...
    Description: The learner can understand the topic of innovation management, entre- and intrapreneurship as well as trends through the digital transformation and their implications for organizations and markets.

    Node: understand how innovations can be supported and fostered through leadership a...
    Description: The learner can understand how innovations can be supported and fostered through leadership as well as to apply the appropriate leadership tools to create an innovative culture.

    Node: analyze upcoming trends and evaluate those regarding potentials and risks for...
    Description: The learner can analyze upcoming trends and evaluate those regarding potentials and risks for the specific context of an organization.
