# WI201060 Financial & Risk Management - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Financial & Risk Management (WI201060)
Description: The learner can apply methods and tools of advanced Performance Management and Financial as well as Management Accounting.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Capital Markets
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Capital Markets: access to capital market to raise equity, financial communication strategy and investor relations.

    Node: Financial Accounting and Corporate Governance
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Financial Accounting and Corporate Governance: corporate governance mechanisms, capital market regulations, and corporate controls.

    Node: Value Based Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Value Based Management: The basics of shareholder value and value-based management.

    Node: New Venture Finance
    Description: The learner can explain and apply New Venture Finance: Financing of start-ups, Venture Capital, high-risk-investments, evaluation of different investment forms.

    Node: Risk Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Risk Management: current research findings on selected financial issues, the implementation of concrete strategies, current challenges in risk-management.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: apply methods and tools of advanced Performance Management and Financial as w...
    Description: The learner can apply methods and tools of advanced Performance Management and Financial as well as Management Accounting.

    Node: Students are capable of understanding the principles of financial markets and...
    Description: The learner can Students are capable of understanding the principles of financial markets and of evaluating different forms of investment.

    Node: apply basic methods of risk management to different situations as well as und...
    Description: The learner can apply basic methods of risk management to different situations as well as understand, monitor and control financial processes within organizations.
