# WI201096 Building Information Modeling Professional (BIM) - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Building Information Modeling Professional (BIM) (WI201096)
Description: The learner can apply state-of-the-art methods for successful project management with BIM in the areas of technology, processes, people and guidelines.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: the BIM-method in science
    Description: The learner can explain and apply the BIM-method in science.

    Node: the BIM-method in the industrial practice
    Description: The learner can explain and apply the BIM-method in the industrial practice.

    Node: plan by stages for digital planning and constructing
    Description: The learner can explain and apply plan by stages for digital planning and constructing.

    Node: BIM life cycle and reference process after plan by stages
    Description: The learner can explain and apply BIM life cycle and reference process after plan by stages.

    Node: BIM models
    Description: The learner can explain and apply BIM models: geometry and model structure.

    Node: data management in the life cycle of the building
    Description: The learner can explain and apply data management in the life cycle of the building.

    Node: data exchange
    Description: The learner can explain and apply data exchange.

    Node: process modeling
    Description: The learner can explain and apply process modeling.

    Node: open BIM
    Description: The learner can explain and apply open BIM.

    Node: change management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply change management.

    Node: BIM contract models and legal basics
    Description: The learner can explain and apply BIM contract models and legal basics.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: apply state-of-the-art methods for successful project management with BIM in...
    Description: The learner can apply state-of-the-art methods for successful project management with BIM in the areas of technology, processes, people and guidelines.

    Node: define BIM, know and apply BIM terminology, understand the need for new and c...
    Description: The learner can define BIM, know and apply BIM terminology, understand the need for new and collaborative forms of collaboration, and explain the benefits and challenges of BIM for clients and operators of Buildings.
