# WI201057 Leadership & Cooperation - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Leadership & Cooperation (WI201057)
Description: The learner can understand Leadership and Management concepts in the digital age and are able to apply them responsibly to their daily business life.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Leading in the digital age
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leading in the digital age: changing workplaces, changing leaders.

    Node: Value-based leadership theories and deep-dive into specific requirements when...
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Value-based leadership theories and deep-dive into specific requirements when leading individuals and teams.

    Node: The role of leadership and cooperation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply The role of leadership and cooperation: How leaders can (and must) ensure cooperation and coordination in networks and their own organizations.

    Node: Introduction to strategic human resource management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Introduction to strategic human resource management.

    Node: Leading virtual teams
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leading virtual teams: temporal structures, task characteristics, cultural context and tool issues of Virtual teams.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand Leadership and Management concepts in the digital age and are able...
    Description: The learner can understand Leadership and Management concepts in the digital age and are able to apply them responsibly to their daily business life.

    Node: recognize the importance of digitalisation, and will know about new developme...
    Description: The learner can recognize the importance of digitalisation, and will know about new developments in technical & natural sciences and their impact on society, the business world and personal leadership behaviour.

    Node: The students will be capable of adapting innovative methods and tools to deve...
    Description: The learner can The students will be capable of adapting innovative methods and tools to develop a value-based leadership culture in their own context and of analyzing their own leadership behavior as well as leadership cultures in several organizations.

    Node: The students will be able to apply methods to improve cooperation in complex...
    Description: The learner can The students will be able to apply methods to improve cooperation in complex networks and throughout different cultures.
