# WI201056 Stakeholder Management - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Stakeholder Management (WI201056)
Description: The learner can understand how organizations deal with different stakeholders, like customers, shareholders, the general public or legal entities.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Stakeholder Management and legal frameworks
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Stakeholder Management and legal frameworks: Considering principles of private law, the law of contract as well as principles of company law in the EU and worldwide.

    Node: Dealing with customers
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Dealing with customers: Planning Process of Strategic Marketing, Product Management and Communication Management.

    Node: Communicating with stakeholders
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Communicating with stakeholders: Establishing and breaking down the strategy of Integrated Communication into concrete instructions and guidelines.

    Node: Stakeholders in Marketing
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Stakeholders in Marketing: Bringing together different views, frameworks and ethical decisions.

    Node: Convincing stakeholders with ethical behavior
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Convincing stakeholders with ethical behavior: The Need for Ethics in a Globalized World.

    Node: Making decisions in critical situations
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Making decisions in critical situations: Business ethics and sustainability.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand how organizations deal with different stakeholders, like customers...
    Description: The learner can understand how organizations deal with different stakeholders, like customers, shareholders, the general public or legal entities.

    Node: they are able to understand how markets work and the way stakeholders act wit...
    Description: The learner can they are able to understand how markets work and the way stakeholders act with regard to legal and ethical regulations and apply this knowledge to their own organization.
