# WI201061 Business Development & Innovation Management - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Business Development & Innovation Management (WI201061)
Description: The learner can understand how new technologies can be used and how innovation processes should be managed to create value.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Management of Technology and Innovation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Management of Technology and Innovation: How to use new technologies, how value from innovation may be created, bringing ideas to the market.

    Node: Intellectual Property Law & Transfer Agreements
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Intellectual Property Law & Transfer Agreements: relevance and shape of IP transactions for technology companies, possible use and problems of Technology Transfer Agreements.

    Node: International Entrepreneurship
    Description: The learner can explain and apply International Entrepreneurship: Going global? International business model adaptation & growth issues.

    Node: Business Development
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Business Development: Experiences from start-ups and business founders.

    Node: Entrepreneurial Behavior & Entrepreneurial Teams
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Entrepreneurial Behavior & Entrepreneurial Teams: What entrepreneurial behavior means, how entrepreneurs deal with uncertainty, management of entrepreneurial teams.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand how new technologies can be used and how innovation processes shou...
    Description: The learner can understand how new technologies can be used and how innovation processes should be managed to create value.

    Node: Furthermore, students will be aware of the legal frameworks regarding the pro...
    Description: The learner can Furthermore, students will be aware of the legal frameworks regarding the protection of innovative ideas.

    Node: The students will be enabled to evaluate the chances and risks of entrepreneu...
    Description: The learner can The students will be enabled to evaluate the chances and risks of entrepreneurial thinking in a global environment and use the appropriate tools and methods to lead entrepreneurial teams and solve conflicts in critical situations.
