# WI201054 Finance & Accounting - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Finance & Accounting (WI201054)
Description: The learner can understand the fundamental concepts of financial management, value creation and corporate finance and are able to apply them to different organizations.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Financial Statements & Analysis
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Financial Statements & Analysis: Analyzing the organization with different methods and KPIs.

    Node: Financial Position and Performance based on the International Financial Repor...
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Financial Position and Performance based on the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

    Node: Financial Planning
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Financial Planning: Different methods of budgeting.

    Node: Corporate Finance & Valuation
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Corporate Finance & Valuation: Finance and evaluate the organization value with different methods.

    Node: Investment options
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Investment options: loans, stocks, bonds etc.

    Node: Evaluating financial risks and dealing with them appropriately
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Evaluating financial risks and dealing with them appropriately.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand the fundamental concepts of financial management, value creation a...
    Description: The learner can understand the fundamental concepts of financial management, value creation and corporate finance and are able to apply them to different organizations.

    Node: Students can define financial goals and evaluate adequate systems to monitor...
    Description: The learner can Students can define financial goals and evaluate adequate systems to monitor and ensure that targets are achieved.
