# WI201052 Strategy & Organization - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Strategy & Organization (WI201052)
Description: The learner can apply the basic concepts, tools and methods of strategic management.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Trends and Influences on Organizations
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Trends and Influences on Organizations: Why do organizations exist? Which problems do they solve?

    Node: Core concepts regarding strategy formulation, implementation and execution
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Core concepts regarding strategy formulation, implementation and execution: Strategic Analysis, Tools & Concepts.

    Node: Overview and discussion of toolsets to generate new business, reach new audie...
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Overview and discussion of toolsets to generate new business, reach new audiences and attract new customers.

    Node: Meeting strategic challenges like Mergers & Aquisitions
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Meeting strategic challenges like Mergers & Aquisitions: How to support the strategicial development of an organization?

    Node: Leading Strategy Implementation to meet the challenges of the future
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Leading Strategy Implementation to meet the challenges of the future.

    Node: Strategic leadership
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Strategic leadership: the role of leadership behavior in organizational success.

    Node: Knowledge Management & Corporate Organization
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Knowledge Management & Corporate Organization: Understanding the requirements for and design options of Knowledge Management on the information logistics level.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: apply the basic concepts, tools and methods of strategic management
    Description: The learner can apply the basic concepts, tools and methods of strategic management.

    Node: analyze and evaluate different business strategies and strategic options and...
    Description: The learner can analyze and evaluate different business strategies and strategic options and apply them to situations in real business life.

    Node: understand the strategic relevance of Knowledge Management and use the basic...
    Description: The learner can understand the strategic relevance of Knowledge Management and use the basic concepts of (IT-based) knowledge sharing within an organization.
