# WI201053 Organizational Change & Communication - rawgraph breakdown

Node: Organizational Change & Communication (WI201053)
Description: The learner can understand organizational change and its impact from a social and behavioural science perspective.

  Node: Core topics
  Description: The learner can explain and apply the core topics of the module.

    Node: Basics of Change Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Basics of Change Management: Varieties of change, the phase models of change, architecture and design of change processes Leading Change - Leadership Theories and Change Management.

    Node: Micropolitics and power in change processes
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Micropolitics and power in change processes: theory and practice.

    Node: Changing organizational cultures
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Changing organizational cultures.

    Node: Communication deficits in change processes
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Communication deficits in change processes: empirical findings, theoretical basics and examples.

    Node: Examples of successful change communication
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Examples of successful change communication.

    Node: Synopsis
    Description: The learner can explain and apply Synopsis: experience-based principles for successfully communicating change.

    Node: New developments in Change Management
    Description: The learner can explain and apply New developments in Change Management: Agile change management and ambidexterity.

  Node: Learning outcomes
  Description: The learner can demonstrate the intended learning outcomes.

    Node: understand organizational change and its impact from a social and behavioural...
    Description: The learner can understand organizational change and its impact from a social and behavioural science perspective.

    Node: understand the influence of organizational culture, acceptance and resistance...
    Description: The learner can understand the influence of organizational culture, acceptance and resistance as well as the critical success factors of change management in organizations.

    Node: be enabled to evaluate systems and think about alternatives
    Description: The learner can be enabled to evaluate systems and think about alternatives.

    Node: they will be able to evaluate communication strategies in change projects and...
    Description: The learner can they will be able to evaluate communication strategies in change projects and apply communication theories to change situations.
