code: PH2242
title: Gravitationslinseneffekt
title_en: Gravitational Lensing
ects: 5

content:
Imagine a galaxy that lies behind another galaxy. Will you see the
galaxy in the back? If you think not, think again. The gravitational
field of the galaxy in the front will bend the light from the background
source, so that the background source appears to be distorted,
magnified and can even have multiple images. This phenomenon is
gravitational lensing.
Gravitational lensing is now a powerful astrophysical tool to study
planetary systems, black holes, galaxies, clusters of galaxies and
cosmology. This course presents the underlying theory of gravitational
lensing and the various astrophysical applications.

Imagine a galaxy that lies behind another galaxy. Will you see the galaxy in the back? If you think not, think again. The gravitational field of the galaxy in the front will bend the light from the background source, so that the background source appears to be distorted, magnified and can even have multiple images. This phenomenon is gravitational lensing.
Gravitational lensing is now a powerful astrophysical tool to study planetary systems, black holes, galaxies, clusters of galaxies and cosmology. This course presents the underlying theory of gravitational lensing and the various astrophysical applications.

outcomes:
- understand the working principle of gravitational lensing.
- apply gravitational lensing as an astrophysical tool to study current puzzles in astronomy such as how galaxies form and evolve, what is dark matter and what is dark energy.
- use gravitational lensing to detect matter and weigh galaxies.
- use gravitational lensing to probe the dark matter halo of the Milky Way.

- understand the working principle of gravitational lensing.
- apply gravitational lensing as an astrophysical tool to study current puzzles in astronomy such as how galaxies form and evolve, what is dark matter and what is dark energy.
- use gravitational lensing to detect matter and weigh galaxies.
- use gravitational lensing to probe the dark matter halo of the Milky Way.

preconditions:
No preconditions in addition to the requirements for the Master’s program in Physics.

No preconditions in addition to the requirements for the Master’s program in Physics.
